Extra attempt reason recording (#849)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-guidelines.md

## <article-11><incidents><incidents> Article 11: Incidents

- 11e+) [CLARIFICATION] Since an appeal is not guaranteed to be successful, the competitor may choose to keep the timer running while appealing it, and resume the attempt when appropriate.

> - 11e++) [RECOMMENDATION] The deleagte who grants the extra attempt should record the reason(s) for the extra attempt (e.g. on the back of the score sheet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 11e++) [RECOMMENDATION] The WCA Delegate should record the reason(s) for the extra attempt (e.g. on the back of the score sheet).
```
